# After Graduation  // 4.10.18.5016u
The squad have moved out of the Dorter Academy dorms and into
the Baxter Trading Company compound. They are added to the company's
security team.

Paco was nostalgic when he moved back into his old room.

# BXTC Land Crawler // 4.10.18.5016u
The squad gets to see the BXTC Land Crawler and meet the crew. They met with the caravan
leader Vahid Kamal who has worked for Baxter Trading for over 20 years.

Seiji inspects every corner of the land crawler. He was like a kid in a toy store.

# Route to Vitral // 6.10.18.5016u
The squad is attached to the BXTC Land Crawler as it's security detail but they are part of a larger trade caravan called a Land Train. There are 2 other land crawlers joining the land train belonging to Mowbray Company and Lombardo Industries. 

There will be 3 major stops: Patland, Geth and Eseq. There are smaller towns that the trade caravan can visit. It will take about 2 weeks to get to Vitral. 

There are pirate, brigand and monster attacks reported on the route.

# First Leg to Vitral: Patland // 10.10.18.5016u 
The preparations of Land Train didn't start well. Seiji gave in to his OCD and become a nuisance to the Land Crawler crews delaying the departure. 

In the route, Cache and Seiji encountered a covered trading wagon with horses. It was camping on the side of the road. Seiji was more cautious but Cache wanted to talk to the sole dwarf in the camp. She asked about route and the dwarf said that he has encountered little danger. Before leaving, the dwarf offered Cache an exotic purple fruit which she eats happily thanking the dwarf and suggesting calling it Dragon Fruit. The fruit made her hear talking as singing and makes her sing her replies, making her sound like a Backstreet Boys song chorus. It wasn't really intoxicating but it certainly gave her a buzz. 

Albus and Paco were unlucky in the night. They ran into a Hormogaunt hunting pack. Hormogaunts look like raptor dinosaurs but more scaly, camouflage and aggressive. They hunt in large packs enough to be dangerous to a single or pair of mechs. 

The squad was able to eliminate the hunting pack but took long enough that the Warmwater mercenaries caught up to engage.

Only Albus' mech Hades came out unscathed. The rests of the squad got scratched and banged up.

Surviving the hunting pack, the Land Train continues to Patland. It is estimated that the Land Train will enter Patland port control several hours late.

# Patland City Vibe Check // 10.11.18.5016u 
The Land Train was trading in Patland for 2 days and a night. This left the squad with time to explore the port city of Patland.

Albus went a bit of window shopping looking for a certain painted for this uncle. Some old tech caught his eye: 

* A mp3 player filled with what sounds like kpop. He couldn't understand the lyrics but the beat was a bop.
* A beat up table that seems to work and using the Marker Guild's computers, he downloaded some "knock-off" schematics into this License. How this plays out in the future remains to be seen.

Paco decided to look for something to drink and information on the route. He found a bar right at the end of main street just before the docks called The Saucy Wench. He got to talk to a couple of traders in dust cloaks telling him about a new pirate group hitting some caravans.

Seiji went looking for fireworks. He just felt blowing up something. Flashing some coin, he found himself in some undescript warehouse in Spirit Forge district. He was sold a box containing 4 fireworks. The seller alluded that you need a license to handle them.

Cache wanted to change her hair color and Patland being a commercial city she was what she was looking for. She then found a fresh seafood hotpot place ran by an old Chinese man. She picked a a slimy looking fish that Cache has never seen to go with her hotpot. . The hotpot had two soups. One was red and spicy and other was creamy and savory. The combination was delicious making you eat each soup in turn. 

Unfortunately, after a couple hours the hotpot and the fish went through Cache while walking about Patland for her to make an emergency spot at the Saucy Wench. Paco saw Cache was in distress but decided that she's a big girl and seen he had a couple of shots of tequila - wasn't in the best shape to help. Paco just tipped his hat to her while Cache ran to the bathroom. 

It wasn't pretty. 