# Seiji's Notes // 10.13.18.5016u 
The team was assembled together after two days of rest and whatnot in Patland City. It was when the devastating news of the emperor's death was announced. They could barely remember the reaction of the people around them as they were left in shock.

However, the sun was high and they still need to continue the journey so everyone packed up and started to go out with the same security formation. Nothing much exciting happened as the landtrain journeyed through Kithavitan and Merot. But halfway to Shechrin from Merot, the patrolling team noticed something large from afar and Captain Vahid informed them (Cache and Seiji) that it was an airship and decided to approach. There was an unwritten code for merchants to help each other during times of distress, and this was one of those times.

# Airship Troubles // 10.13.18.5016u 

The airship was somehow parked alongside the road of which the landtrain follows. There were people below it; some gave off a feeling of elegance while they were drinking tea comfortably on one side. On the other side, however, were people in working clothes, sitting on blankets on the grass.

Cache decided to go out of her mech and went straight to someone who looked like the most important person in the area and just casually asked "What's your name?" without even saying a proper greeting. The person, now confused, gave in and just introduced himself to the weird girl. He introduced himself as the Captain of the airship. Before Cache could furthermore embarrass herself and possibly insult the captain, Vahid tapped her shoulder and took the conversation away from her. She then decided to just patrol around and look for people to talk to. Her social skills were somewhat below the weather today as she talked with someone else also, weirdly. She decided to just go back to her mech and be alone for a while.

Captain Vahid then discovered that these people have a problem with their cargos as the airship would keel over due to improper loading. So he called out Paco, the former person-in-charge of Baxter's bodega, to be in-charge of helping these people. Paco got out of the landtrain and noticed the problem. He decided he cannot do this alone so he also called the honorable Albus to help him with the task. The two then figured out how to arrange the cargo in the first level of the airship.

While all of this was happening, Seiji, as the curious mongrel that he is, decided to crawl up to the airship without supervision and went to look around. He found nothing worth tinkering in the first and second level. He was about to go down and give up but as he was walking down the stairs, he saw Albus and Paco supervising something so he went back up, afraid of being seen snooping around.

He went to the third level and noticed someone guarding the door. With his poor convincing skills, he talked the guard out to let him through the door. He was surprised that it worked since the guard was quite adamant about guarding it and not letting anyone through. Inside was a bridge full of circuits and buttons that made his eyes sparkle in excitement. He was told to not touch anything, especially the control panel. However, Seiji's curiosity won him over and tinkered something that wasn't turned on. The guard noticed this and just let him be saying that the thing Seiji was tinkering is an old broken equipment. The guard simply shrugged and thought "What's the worst thing that could happen, anyway."

# A Pandora's Box? // 10.13.18.5016u

And the worst thing did happen. Seiji, along with Albus and Paco, who somehow got there, figured a way to operate the 'broken' old equipment and saw something they shouldn't have seen nor opened in the first place. A hologram of an AI was looking at them, saying nonsense about being surprised of seeing them and saying things about finally being released and starting a war or whatsoever. The three of them were surprised that the AI also knew about them when it flashed their respective IDs on the screen. The team was left in shock while the guard told them to get off already since they are now setting off.

Cache helped them buy time by messing with the airship's captain again. Though, it failed miserably and she was dragged away by the guards. The poor, already dejected girl just resigned and let them drag her away from the captain.

The team safely unboarded the airship and saw the poor Cache. She might still be sick from the weird fish she ate a few days ago.

The airship has now geared to fly again and its captain flashed a morse code saying "thank you I owe you one".
