# City of Geth // 10.22.18.5016u

Geth is the largest city on the central plains of Gallione. It's last census had the city approaching 200,000. While Eagrose is the capital seat of Gallione, Geth exerts an outsized influence to Gallione's political landscape. Geth is governed by House Heiral lead by Lord Delita Heiral.

And due to this political influence the city is under siege by Prince
Lucian Bestraid, Duke of Gallione. Prince Lucian wants Lord Delita to 
pick a side in the coming war of accension for the Lesalia Empire. The emperor died some 5 days ago. This forced Duke Delita to declare martial law to be in effect and lock down the city.

Lord Delita has yet to pick a side.

# Worker's Party and The Investor // 10.22.18.5016u

Within hours of the lockdown, various factions, groups, actors went to action. 

There's the Worker's Party forming a mob shouting for worker rights and equality. They march towards the airship tower square in the center of Geth. They are seemingly led by a tall, heavy-set woman with blond hair in a green dress. They are opposed by Geth's City Guards well prepared with basic non-lethal gear - batons and shields supported by two "unarmed" mechs. For a couple of hours, they just stared down each other across the square. Paco has a recording of the events.

Albus, in his rush to get information, ran back to the BXT Land Crawler and met a certain "investor" and his bodyguards. The investor wasn't particularly hostile and was more "transactional". He wanted Albus and company to take a look at a couple of people, know what they are up to and stop them if it's bad for the City of Geth. The investor
wants to keep the status quo because it suited his "investments". 


# Was I not charming enough? // 11.22.18.5016u

Cache decided to grab a lad from the back of the line of City Guard deputies. Unfortunately for her, it didn't go how she imagined it and it only pissed of the City Guards. She tried to run for it and not get captured and get thrown in jail. She did well enough in the first 10 mins until someone hit her calfs with a baton causing her to fall face first on a brick wall. The guards were getting the beatings in when someone in-charge figured out that Cache was a lancer and they dragged her to the castle into a hall with other lancers and mech pilots. 

With a bloody nose, she listen the Lord of Geth propose mercenary work for the people in the room and they got 24 hours to think about it.


# Seiji the Radiohead // 11.22.18.5016u

When you were here before

Couldn't hear the news

They caught what sounds like an angel 

Dragging her while she cries

She tried to float like feather 

In a beautiful world

I am very special

I'm so fuckin' special

But I'm a creep

I'm a weirdo

What the hell I made a radio

I so belong here....




