# City of Geth // 10.23.18.5016u

In a little over day, the BXTC Lancers have been Land Crawler security to now mercenaries for the crown. They decided that fighting for the City of Geth and get paid is the way to go.

# Cache is More

It was seemingly an accident of fate, Cache met with a Horus Balor machine. It took her inside and it took about an hour before she figured out how to get out. When she got out she was .... changed.

She was still her but with cybernetics except of head, portion of her chest, belly and groin. The rest of her is fully composites and metallic. It was a weird feeling nothing different but she can clearly see she was different.

Clearly, Cache Strickland from Bethuel is no more.

# Dafuq?!

"Cache! Are you ok?" Albus shouts at this glowing, shimmering machine. 

"I think I'm ok..." As Cache thinks she's moving her arm but see the Balor's arm moving.

Paco jumps on his new Raleigh ready of anything.

Seiji barely contained himself seeing the Balor machine. "Holy shit that's cool!" 

# On first light, look to the East

After getting their machines, the BXTC Lancers get ready to sortie out and break the blockade.

The City of Geth is being blockaded by a mechanized army that was made for mobility. It is led by Prince Lucian, Duke of Gallione. Spies report that the main body of this army is about 20 hours away. 

So if the Lancers want to break the blockade then it's now.

They face mostly mobile armor - tanks and fixed artillery - but luckily limited mechs. 

The chances for success is slightly favorable to the BXTC lancers unless the intelligence was grossly unaccurate.

# The Fight for the Top of Hill 553 // 10.23.18.5016u

All four crest the hill with Paco being first. Paco surprised a squad and he and Seiji secured the east ridge. Cache and Albus came in after and tried to secure the west ridge. 

The idea was to form a firing line long and high enough to fire on opposing forces driven my the "hammer". 

Paco was overheating his Raleigh to maintain a blisttering firing rate.

Cache was tearing everything apart at a molecular level with her nanites. She would manically laugh as she turned troops into a red mist.

Seiji, being the biggest thing out there was drawing a lot of fire but the Barbarossa's armor was tough and it withstood the worse of it. 

Albus tried to secure the west ridge but with his Iskander he didn't have much offensive options other than his gravity launcher. 

The first couple minutes was going well until 2 elites were committed to the fight to dislodge them. The first elite was a cataphract and engaged Cache in melee combat. Whoever was the Lancer on that cataphract mech, he was cleary better than Cache as he threw Cache's Balor off the west ridge. 

Meanwhile, Seiji was in seige-mode so he was immobile and can only provide range fire from the rear. 

Paco, being in the most forward position, was pinned by a light assault mech and a pair of tanks. He suffered the most damage, losing an arm and damage on some internal systems; His Raleigh eventually limped back to the city.

Albus, was pushed off the west ridge by a second elite mech which had a lot of heavy support weapons. Using its devastator mini-gun, it sprayed the west ridge - brrrrtt - forcing Albus off. 

# The Aftermath of Hill 553 // 10.23.18.5016u

With only half to the hill under their control, the BXTC Lancers did what they could. They survived but were only partially successful in breaking Prince Lucian's forces. 

They pulled back into the city with minimal casualties.

As they approached the city gates, the weather turned gloomy and a slow, heavy rain started. 

Paco looked out into Hill 553 with his cracked but still working sensors and see the gathering opposing forces on that west ridge and looked at Heiral Crest on top of the gates of Geth and hear that mournful, country tune:

This ain't no place for no hero

This ain't no place for no better man

This ain't no place for no hero To call home

